Unify READMEs (#763)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: README.md

Open the project in Android Studio and set up your emulator (we're using Pixel 3, API 29 at the moment). Note that the Gradle sync process can take some time when you first open the project. 

## Docs

> Architecture-wise this SDK consists of the following modules / artifacts:

Reviewer: Simplify:

```suggestion
This SDK consists of the following modules / artifacts:
```

- [Chat client](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/tree/master/stream-chat-android-client)
- [Offline support and `LiveData` APIs](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/tree/master/stream-chat-android-offline)

> - [Chat UI/UX](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/tree/master/stream-chat-android)

Reviewer: Should be relative links within the repo instead

The SDK provides:

- A low-level client for making API calls and receiving chat events
- Offline support and LiveData APIs module

> - Ready to use `ViewModel` for list of channels and `ViewModel` for conversation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ready to use ViewModels for displaying a list of channels and a conversation 
```

The documentation for LiveData and the custom views is available here:
[https://getstream.io/chat/docs/android_overview/?language=kotlin](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/android_overview/?language=kotlin)

### Chat client

The low-level Chat API docs are available for both [Kotlin](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/kotlin/) and [Java](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/java/).

### Offline support and `LiveData` APIs

The Offline support and `LiveData` APIs docs are available for both [Kotlin](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/kotlin/) and [Java](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/java/).

> 

Reviewer: We could link the specific modules again here
